README.md, before:

# Relay Inspect MCP

Stop copying and pasting console logs, server errors and screenshots into your CLI. Relay Inspect gives your AI coding agent direct access to your browser—so it can see what you see, verify its own changes, and debug without asking you to copy and paste.

Relay Inspect is lightweight tool for designers and engineers who want to spend more time building and less time debugging.

```
                                                    ┌─ Chrome (CDP over WebSocket)
AI Coding Agent  ←→  Relay Inspect (MCP over stdio) ─┤
                                                    └─ Dev Servers (child processes)
```

Relay Inspect is a bridge between the Chrome DevTools Protocol, your dev server and your agent. It exposes browser state as MCP tools—console output, network requests, DOM queries and screenshots. Your agent edits code, the dev server hot reloads, and the agent verifies the result itself.


## Tools

Your agent gets access to the following tools automatically via MCP:

### Browser Inspection

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `evaluate_js` | Execute a JavaScript expression in the browser and return the result | `expression` (string) |
| `get_console_logs` | Return buffered console output (logs, warnings, errors) | `clear` (bool, default: true) |
| `get_network_requests` | Return captured network requests and responses | `filter` (URL substring), `clear` (bool, default: true) |
| `get_network_request_detail` | Get full request/response body for a specific network request | `requestId` (string, from `get_network_requests`) |
| `get_elements` | Query the DOM with a CSS selector and return matching elements' outer HTML | `selector` (string), `limit` (number, default: 10) |
| `take_screenshot` | Capture a screenshot of the current page | `format` (png/jpeg, default: png), `quality` (0-100, jpeg only) |

### Page Control

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `reload_page` | Reload the current page (optionally bypass cache) | `ignoreCache` (bool, default: false) |
| `wait_and_check` | Wait N seconds then return new console output captured during the wait | `seconds` (number, default: 2) |

### Server Management

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `start_server` | Start a dev server or background process and capture its output | `id` (string), `command` (string), `args` (string[]), `cwd` (string), `env` (object) |
| `get_server_logs` | Read stdout/stderr output from a managed server process | `id` (string), `clear` (bool, default: true) |
| `stop_server` | Stop a running managed server process | `id` (string) |
| `list_servers` | List all managed server processes and their status | — |

### Diagnostics

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `check_connection` | Check Chrome connection status and diagnose issues (does not auto-launch) | — |

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- Chrome (or any Chromium-based browser)

### Install

```bash
git clone https://github.com/samsolomon/relay-inspect-mcp.git
cd relay-inspect-mcp
npm install
npm run build
```

### Add to your MCP client

**Claude Code** — add to `.mcp.json` or `.claude/settings.json`:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "relay-inspect": {
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["dist/index.js"],
      "cwd": "/absolute/path/to/relay-inspect-mcp"
    }
  }
}
```

**Codex CLI:**

```bash
codex mcp add relay-inspect -- node /absolute/path/to/relay-inspect-mcp/dist/index.js
```

**opencode** — add to `opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "mcp": {
    "relay-inspect": {
      "type": "local",
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["dist/index.js"],
      "env": {},
      "cwd": "/absolute/path/to/relay-inspect-mcp"
    }
  }
}
```

Chrome is auto-launched on first tool call if it isn't already running. To disable this or customize behavior, see Configuration below.

## Configuration

| Environment Variable | Default | Description |
|---------------------|---------|-------------|
| `CHROME_DEBUG_PORT` | `9222` | Chrome debugging port |
| `CHROME_DEBUG_HOST` | `localhost` | Chrome debugging host |
| `CHROME_AUTO_LAUNCH` | `true` | Auto-launch Chrome if not already running |
| `CHROME_PATH` | _(auto-detect)_ | Override Chrome/Chromium executable path |
| `CHROME_LAUNCH_URL` | _(none)_ | URL to open when Chrome is auto-launched (e.g. `http://localhost:1420`) |
| `CDP_WS_URL` | _(none)_ | Connect directly to a CDP WebSocket URL, skipping Chrome discovery |
| `CONSOLE_BUFFER_SIZE` | `500` | Max console entries to buffer |
| `NETWORK_BUFFER_SIZE` | `200` | Max network requests to buffer |
| `SERVER_LOG_BUFFER_SIZE` | `1000` | Max log entries per managed server |

If Chrome is already running with `--remote-debugging-port`, Relay Inspect will connect to it directly without launching a new instance.

## Development

```bash
npm run dev    # Run with tsx (auto-recompile)
npm run build  # Build with tsup
npm start      # Run the built bundle
```

For architecture details, see [CLAUDE.md](./CLAUDE.md).

Commit message:

Improve CDP target selection and add explicit page switching

README.md, after:

# Relay Inspect MCP

Stop copying and pasting console logs, server errors and screenshots into your CLI. Relay Inspect gives your AI coding agent direct access to your browser—so it can see what you see, verify its own changes, and debug without asking you to copy and paste.

Relay Inspect is lightweight tool for designers and engineers who want to spend more time building and less time debugging.

```
                                                    ┌─ Chrome (CDP over WebSocket)
AI Coding Agent  ←→  Relay Inspect (MCP over stdio) ─┤
                                                    └─ Dev Servers (child processes)
```

Relay Inspect is a bridge between the Chrome DevTools Protocol, your dev server and your agent. It exposes browser state as MCP tools—console output, network requests, DOM queries and screenshots. Your agent edits code, the dev server hot reloads, and the agent verifies the result itself.


## Tools

Your agent gets access to the following tools automatically via MCP:

### Browser Inspection

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `evaluate_js` | Execute a JavaScript expression in the browser and return the result | `expression` (string) |
| `get_console_logs` | Return buffered console output (logs, warnings, errors) | `clear` (bool, default: true) |
| `get_network_requests` | Return captured network requests and responses | `filter` (URL substring), `clear` (bool, default: true) |
| `get_network_request_detail` | Get full request/response body for a specific network request | `requestId` (string, from `get_network_requests`) |
| `get_elements` | Query the DOM with a CSS selector and return matching elements' outer HTML | `selector` (string), `limit` (number, default: 10) |
| `take_screenshot` | Capture a screenshot of the current page | `format` (png/jpeg, default: png), `quality` (0-100, jpeg only) |

### Page Control

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `reload_page` | Reload the current page (optionally bypass cache) | `ignoreCache` (bool, default: false) |
| `wait_and_check` | Wait N seconds then return new console output captured during the wait | `seconds` (number, default: 2) |
| `connect_to_page` | Switch to a specific Chrome page target by ID or URL match | `id` (string) OR `urlPattern` (string), `waitForMs` (number) |

### Server Management

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `start_server` | Start a dev server or background process and capture its output | `id` (string), `command` (string), `args` (string[]), `cwd` (string), `env` (object), optional `urlPattern` + `connectWaitForMs` |
| `get_server_logs` | Read stdout/stderr output from a managed server process | `id` (string), `clear` (bool, default: true) |
| `stop_server` | Stop a running managed server process | `id` (string) |
| `list_servers` | List all managed server processes and their status | — |

### Diagnostics

| Tool | Description | Key Parameters |
|------|-------------|----------------|
| `check_connection` | Check Chrome connection status and diagnose issues (does not auto-launch) | — |

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- Chrome (or any Chromium-based browser)

### Install

```bash
git clone https://github.com/samsolomon/relay-inspect-mcp.git
cd relay-inspect-mcp
npm install
npm run build
```

### Add to your MCP client

**Claude Code** — add to `.mcp.json` or `.claude/settings.json`:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "relay-inspect": {
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["dist/index.js"],
      "cwd": "/absolute/path/to/relay-inspect-mcp"
    }
  }
}
```

**Codex CLI:**

```bash
codex mcp add relay-inspect -- node /absolute/path/to/relay-inspect-mcp/dist/index.js
```

**opencode** — add to `opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "mcp": {
    "relay-inspect": {
      "type": "local",
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["dist/index.js"],
      "env": {},
      "cwd": "/absolute/path/to/relay-inspect-mcp"
    }
  }
}
```

Chrome is auto-launched on first tool call if it isn't already running. To disable this or customize behavior, see Configuration below.

## Configuration

| Environment Variable | Default | Description |
|---------------------|---------|-------------|
| `CHROME_DEBUG_PORT` | `9222` | Chrome debugging port |
| `CHROME_DEBUG_HOST` | `localhost` | Chrome debugging host |
| `CHROME_AUTO_LAUNCH` | `true` | Auto-launch Chrome if not already running |
| `CHROME_PATH` | _(auto-detect)_ | Override Chrome/Chromium executable path |
| `CHROME_LAUNCH_URL` | _(none)_ | URL to open when Chrome is auto-launched (e.g. `http://localhost:1420`) |
| `CDP_WS_URL` | _(none)_ | Connect directly to a CDP WebSocket URL, skipping Chrome discovery |
| `CONSOLE_BUFFER_SIZE` | `500` | Max console entries to buffer |
| `NETWORK_BUFFER_SIZE` | `200` | Max network requests to buffer |
| `SERVER_LOG_BUFFER_SIZE` | `1000` | Max log entries per managed server |

If Chrome is already running with `--remote-debugging-port`, Relay Inspect will connect to it directly without launching a new instance.

## Development

```bash
npm run dev    # Run with tsx (auto-recompile)
npm run build  # Build with tsup
npm start      # Run the built bundle
```

For architecture details, see [CLAUDE.md](./CLAUDE.md).
